Card Chex Privacy Policy

This page serves as the privacy policy for Card Chex, developed by Epic Appz. 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.Card_Chex
This policy is subject to change with future updates.

Card Chex (hereby referred to as “the app”) has been developed as a free app and is intended for use as is. By using the app, the user (any person or entity who downloads or interacts with the app) acknowledges and agrees to the terms and conditions set out in this policy.

Other than as detailed in this agreement, Epic Appz (hereby referred to as “the developer”) makes no other warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims all implied warranties, including any warranty of merchantability and warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. Development of the app is supported via in-app ads and affiliate links which are detailed in this policy. 

AFFILIATE LINKS
Affiliate links are used in the app to earn compensation to support further development of the app, including but not limited to “pay-per-sale” and “pay-per-click” programs, by displaying or directing users to participating websites. By using the app, the user acknowledges that the developer may receive compensation based on purchases or page views made by the user.

DATA/STORAGE 
No personal data is collected, stored or processed by the developer, unless the user is informed in the app first. Data entered by the user is stored on the user's device in "History" and "Saved" menus in the app which is saved on the user's device and can be deleted by clearing local app data. Data may be collected by third-parties via the unrestricted web browser, the app’s affiliate partners or via in-app advertisements, all of which are detailed in this policy.

WEB BROWSING 
By using the app, the user acknowledges that the app contains an unrestricted web browser which allows access to any website. The browser is used by the app to show the user prices on different websites for the search terms entered by the user. The developer bears no responsibility for any data entered by the user on any website viewed within the app, nor for the collection, storage or processing of data by third parties. The developer advises the user to refer to the privacy policy and terms and conditions of the websites they visit in the app.

ADVERTISEMENTS
Where applicable, data may or may not be collected by third parties to enable the use of in-app advertisements. Advertisements are served via Google Admob and are subject to the Google Admob policy (https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en). By using the app, you agree that advertisements may be shown in the app according to the Google Admob policy. The developer is not responsible for the content of the advertisements or any interaction the user has with the advertisements, including but not limited to any losses incurred as a result of any interactions. 

The developer and its members are not explicitly endorsed by any of the websites or companies used or mentioned in the app or Play Store listing. Rights to all trademarks and/or copyrights remain the property of their respective holders. The app and the developer intend no infringement to any of the respective rights holders.

For complaints, concerns or questions about any of the details above please contact us at EpicAppzHelp@gmail.com before using the app.
