ListingBuddy Privacy Policy

This page serves as the privacy policy for ListingBuddy, developed by Epic Appz. 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=Epic+Appz
This policy is subject to change with future updates.

ListingBuddy (hereby referred to as “the app”) has been developed as a free app and is intended for use as is. 
By using the app, the user (any person or entity who downloads or interacts with the app) acknowledges and agrees to the terms and conditions set out in this policy.
 
Other than as detailed in this agreement, Epic Appz (hereby referred to as “the developer”) makes no other warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims all implied warranties, including any warranty of merchantability and warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. 
Development of the app is supported via in-app ads and affiliate links which are detailed in this policy. 

AFFILIATE LINKS
Affiliate links are used in the app to earn compensation to support further development of the app, including but not limited to “pay-per-sale” and “pay-per-click” programs, by displaying or directing users to participating websites. 
By using the app, the user acknowledges that the developer may receive compensation based on purchases or page views made by the user.
When you click on links to various merchants in the app and make a purchase, this can result in the app earning a commission. 
Affiliate programs and affiliations include, but are not limited to, the eBay Partner Network and Amazon.
As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

DATA/STORAGE 
Personal data including but not limited to search history, images captured or uploaded, IP address, location, may be collected, stored, shared and/or processed by the app/developer for the purposes of app functionality, analytics, crash reporting, monetization, advertisements. This data may be shared with third parties, including but not limited to eBay and Google. 
Data entered by the user in the app is saved on the user's device for app functionality. 
Data may also be collected by third-parties via the unrestricted web browser, the app’s affiliate partners or via in-app advertisements, all of which are detailed in this policy.

WEB BROWSING 
By using the app, the user acknowledges that the app contains an unrestricted web browser which allows access to any website. 
The browser is used by the app to show the user prices on different websites for the search terms entered by the user. 
The developer bears no responsibility for any data entered by the user on any website viewed within the app, nor for the collection, storage or processing of data by third parties. 
The developer advises the user to refer to the privacy policy and terms and conditions of the websites they visit in the app.

ADVERTISEMENTS
Where applicable, data may or may not be collected by third parties to enable the use of in-app advertisements. 
Advertisements are served via Google Admob and are subject to the Google Admob policy (https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en). 
By using the app, you agree that advertisements may be shown in the app according to the Google Admob policy. 
The developer is not responsible for the content of the advertisements or any interaction the user has with the advertisements, including but not limited to any losses incurred as a result of any interactions. 

Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC
The developer and its members are not explicitly endorsed by any of the websites or companies used or mentioned in the app or Play Store listing. 
Rights to all trademarks and/or copyrights remain the property of their respective holders. 
The app and the developer intend no infringement to any of the respective rights holders.

This policy was last updated on 10.10.2023. From time to time, we may update it: if so, the amended policy will apply from the date it's posted and will govern our use of personal information from then on.

For complaints, concerns or questions about any of the details above please contact us at EpicAppzHelp@gmail.com before using the app.
